foreign
what's up let's do it so I'm trying to
figure Electronics out you know
all right
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
foreign foreign
yeah I'm getting it
[Music]
all right so let's figure this thing out
uh we have
Okay so this just needs to go to ground
okay it's good that I have two ground
pins I guess all right so this good
ground is gonna go with this guy
I don't know what this blue thing is
okay
[Music]
so this circuit is just uh making heat
it's just putting current through a
resistor but it is gonna be on and I can
get another [__] dude I should have got
more LEDs bro okay
well wait what about this I should just
be able to do this if I take this
uh okay so first I'm gonna make this guy
go to ground
[Music]
okay
then I'm gonna make
this thing also digital read and I just
want to print it out and it should just
be like okay yeah hey guys I'm on I'm on
and then I actually what I want to do is
convert the high red
the high here
[Music]
and I want to convert the high to a
digital out
[Music]
okay so pin 13 is going to be the input
way
[Music]
yeah the input to
so are you the right zero and five is
probably high enough but it says it goes
up to 32 so I probably won't break it
you know
[Music]
what I want to do is I want to read oh
yeah exactly I wanted to I wanted to I
added this one to also read so I
this just can we'll confirm so having a
read on the input side will confirm that
I uh
and like actually giving it input I
guess
uh okay
then
now I want to input okay so now
[Music]
this sounds for me
foreign
[Music]
okay all right
so then
okay then I gotta
I gotta ground this
right the circuit needs to be complete
right let me watch the video again
because he says he says he connects the
pins we have the two terminals as a
continuity test on it
so if I place that on that terminal yeah
no sense okay that's cool so but it is a
complete circuit so yeah so let me let
me do this thing and put that to ground
and then here I actually want to connect
this side
to 5 volts
because I just want it always on
always blue always blue always blue
wait
but the relay
oh [__] but the thing is I'm giving it
hmm
it says that this thing outputs AC uh
okay
so that's not going to work 24 to 300
that's not the type of relay that I want
I think
foreign
proof
uh
yeah exactly this has got to be so easy
okay wait but I can use
uh one of those voltmeter things right
like he did
so I should still be able to test if
this thing doesn't work right
okay
thank you
foreign
I really don't know how to use a [__]
volt mirror
there's so much stuff on here
yeah why the [__] would this guy say
that man obviously it's just fun
okay yeah
wait but I want to test
wait
wait but it is
foreign
[Music]
Okay so
but is it though
I don't know if this pin is on
or wait hold on
all right let's connect this pin to
five volts here
so that should be good
foreign
wait hold on
I want a light I want to light
foreign
so
this thing is going to ground
and this thing has five volts on it
so did I burn it out
hmm
okay let me do it let me do [__] led
one more time
this one goes to here
okay it didn't light up
wait I think I just plugged it into
ground
oh I plugged it in the ground law
oh there we go
Okay so
all right so the LED is kind of on
okay so let's retry that because
everything is now fixed
so we put the here connect this guy
to ground connect this
in
messy
that's interesting
oh wait
there we go okay so the lights on so now
if I use this thing
okay so there's a voltage drop across
this relay I don't know what that flip
that means but then now I want this
thing to be on that's what I thought
this whole thing did
how did he set his thing up
you say that we're not getting any
reading whatsoever because that is an
open contact
as soon as we turn the voltage up
if we turn that up to anything near 3
volts or above you'll see that the light
has come on on the solid state relay
now if we test that on there and press
the button
we get continuity
so as soon as you get to the switching
voltage which is between 3 and 32 volts
that will close the contact
electronically between those two
terminals completing the circuit
I'll now turn the voltage down to about
1.2 volts
put the curb on there press the button
again
and as you can see we have nothing as
soon as the voltage goes above three
volts
you can see that that is switching and
that has caused the contact between
those two terminals
um
but like
set it to that thing
foreign
I don't know is that a lot
is this supposed to beep
I didn't beep though
why does it get brighter
oh
look it's brighter because there's less
resistance it takes the path of least
resistance bro okay
yo I see you so if this is the if I
remove the resistor
it's effectively this is what I did
um
that's effectively what I did
uh-huh
oh but it's actually is it the same
brightness or is it as if they're in
parallel I don't
I don't know
Ohm's law bro
okay
so but whatever it didn't beep at me
though I'm kind of pissed can it beep
okay well whatever it says
see that's the thing is it said 37 M
ohms like Mega
okay but okay so
this thing being driven
with a digital pin is a the equivalent
so that's the part
that says turn on this thing
so this will be
this will be plugged into
foreign
oh perfect they made a little thing for
my
edge of the cup that's perfect
how hot does this thing get that's the
real question
wow how hot does this thing get
what is the point of this thing
foreign
guys I'm gonna go try it
there's no way that I actually get hurt
here
but I want to get a big tub of water
foreign
thank you
all right
300 watts
thank you
okay so I've tested
I tested the heater thing I should have
brought it back with me yeah it heats up
the cup pretty pretty quickly although
there's some strange cut like
oily substance kind of coming off of it
so I wouldn't drink that water
okay so I don't know where the ground
goes
but
so this thing
you plug the heater into this thing
okay then this thing only gets power if
I say so
and then I say so based off of
the temperature
but I don't know where the third thing
goes
where is ground but anyways this thing
needs a plastic case we don't have a 3D
printer or anything but
build a nice box for that thing
actually I feel like the laser cutter is
kind of pretty worth it in a lot of
cases
yeah man the laser cutter is dope
um
yeah actually AI is going to help us
just build way more
[__] way better in the real world that's
so sick
okay
so
uh
yellow red bro I I didn't get one of
those right what the [__] am I thinking
of
white black green inside of a here are
some pictures that match
inside of a cable white black green
according to the spruce a simple
standard electrical circuit has a black
or red hot wire that carries power from
the power source to the device a white
neutral wire that carries the power back
to the power source and a green or bare
copper ground wire that connects the
device to the home's grounding system
okay so I think
wait so what wait what is the white
see you can't ask Google anyone remember
bro exactly that's the linearity dude it
can't [__]
run
so green is ground I didn't know that
okay green is ground
okay well this thing isn't plugged into
the wall
so that's okay
we'll wait
okay this thing is hooked up to ground
in the right if I just plug this in this
would be an extension cord
so I need a plug
the ground
in the
this like that
yeah that makes sense
[Music]
um
or I I think it's reversible I don't
think it matters
I mean is it cable associative
wait
but
how does this thing get power that's the
question
like this circuit
oh bruh I think I'm wrong I think
I think
this black one
oh wait no one side of this
connects to the wall
then I plug in here
so that I'm going to get the current
from across there
then I connect to ground
right
I think that makes sense
so how do I do that if I
am
um I'm usually going to ask Chad gbt
uh
I'm gonna move this back
what are they called what is that thing
what is this thing actually called
immersion heater
foreign
okay so inside here
can I take this thing open
I think I can't see it open but
I don't see like a latched thing
um
inside of an extension cord
Wait no that's the opposite of whatever
yeah this is what I was thinking
yeah okay that makes sense it's just uh
yeah okay
and this thing this is already a
complete circuit right
oh man okay circuits is making more
sense to me now I I'm just gonna get it
but
what is this thing hooked up
I have no idea
all right so what is it that uh
where did it say
I don't okay wait
I don't understand why this
connect one of the digital Alpha pins to
the in terminal of the relay
wait where's the ground
what
connect one of the arduino's ground pins
to one of the ground terminals on the
relay
um
[Applause]
[Music]
in this tutorial we will learn how to
control high voltage electronic devices
using the Arduino board we can do that
using relays relay is actually a switch
which is electrically operated by an
electromagnet the electromagnet is
activated with a local package for
example 5 volts from a microcontroller
and it pulls a contact to make or break
a high voltage circuit as an example for
this tutorial I will use these two
channel relay module
hl52s which has two relays with rating
of 10 amps at 250 and
125 volts ac and 10 amps at 30 and 28
volts I actually found the high voltage
output connector has three pins the
middle one is the common pin and as we
can see from the markings here this pin
is the one for normally open connection
and the other one is for normally closed
connection
on the other side of the module we have
these two sets of pins the first one has
four pins a ground and a VCC pin for
powering the module and two input pins
in one and in two the second set of pins
has three spins with a jumper between
the GD VCC and the VCC pin with a
configuration like this the
electromagnet of the relay is directly
powered from the Arduino board and if
something goes wrong with the relay the
microcontroller could get damaged for
better understanding let's see the
circus schematic of the relay module in
this configuration so we can see that
the five volts from our microcontroller
connected to the VCC pin for activating
the relay through the auto cutter IC are
also connected to the gdvcc pin which
Powers the electric magnet of the relay
so in this case we got no isolation
between the relay and the
microcontroller in order to isolate the
microcontroller from the relay we need
to remove the jumper and connect
separate power supply for the
electromagnet to the gdvcc and the
ground pin now with this configuration
the microcontroller doesn't have any
physical connection
to activate the relay there is one more
thing to be noticed from this circuit
schematic the input pins or the module
work inversely as we can see the relay
will activate when the input pin will be
low because in that way the current will
be able to flow from the VCC to the
input pin which is low or ground and the
LED will light up and activate the relay
when the input pin will be high there
will be no current flow so the LED will
not light up and the relay will not be
activated
this is the LED
oh yeah
all the LED will not light up and the
relay will not be activated
wait
input pin which it
is of the module work inversely as we
can see the relay
Queen which Powers the electric magnet
of the relay so in this case we got no
isolation between the relay and the
microcontroller in order to isolate the
microcontroller from the relay we need
to remove the jumper and connect
separate power supply for the
electromagnet to the GD VCC and the
ground pin now with this configuration
the microcontroller doesn't have any
physical connection with the relay so it
just uses the LED light or the auto
cutter IC to activate the relay there is
one more thing to be noticed from this
surface schematic the input pins or the
module work inversely as we can see the
relay will activate when the input pin
will be low because in that way the
current will be able to flow from the
VCC to the input pin which is low or
ground and the LED will light up and
activate the relay when the input pin
will be high there will be no current
flow so the LED will not light up and
the relay will not be activated okay now
before we continue with this tutorial I
will warn you here that we will use high
voltage which if incorrectly or
improperly used could result in serious
injuries or death so be very cautious of
what you are doing because I take no
responsibility for any of my life
proceed with this tutorial and explain
how to use the relay module with the
high voltage devices first let's take a
look at the circuit diagram as
previously described I will use a 5
volts adapter as separate power supply
for the electromagnet connected to the
GD oh yeah see okay so I had it right
the second time so
I I don't know why I don't know about
this part I'm going to leave this part
out because I don't really know what the
[__] is up with that
but okay here we go I'm not gonna
actually do it just yet
uh well maybe I should
I don't really understand what that's
about
the five volts and then the digital pin
but I he didn't connect anything to
ground
I think that oh I think that these are
bridged I
I think these grounds are bridged I
don't know what JD
but I'm not
foreign
okay then you have a digital output pin
and if you make that high
then the circuit completes
and so then this thing turns on okay all
right fine so oh I forgot that I have
this big ass [__] thing here
it's uh
I don't know that's fine
okay so it would be
now why is it that this has to be AC
I honestly have no idea
um
problem is I don't know how careful to
be
oh I think that okay okay
all right so wait how will we be able to
read this it says like uh
I think it's the highest and lows and I
think you can put
10 amps at 250
AC volts
to 125. uh I don't know why you have to
have a minimum but
evidently
and then 30 VDC
uh
at 10 amps and 10 amps of uh
the amount of water flowing through it
okay yeah fine so how much pressure in
the pipe before it bursts okay
um I don't know why there's a minute
push through it minimum
I really just want to [__] do it but
I'm worried
all right I'm gonna watch this as
previously described I will use a five
volts adapter I mean that makes sense
will be connected to the VCC pin of the
module and the pin number seven to the
in one ebook pin for controlling the
relay now for the hype wait okay wait so
um
where is the thing that actually went
into the wall is this guy
okay oh oh oh okay guys now it's coming
together
let's unplug this [__] because obviously
that goes in there so
this thing
has this
ground is just going to ground
I'm just going or wait yeah ground to
ground
then we want white to white I'm assuming
I don't actually yeah okay I'm just
gonna do that
okay now this part
the what live wire goes in here I get it
foreign
[Music]
so that makes sense then I plug this
thing
so yeah so I wanna
so I plug this thing in
and nothing should happen because
there's nothing plugged into this thing
so or this thing so I should just be
able to plug this in and not get hurt
because you still got to connect
something to this thing now if I Bridge
those terminals see that's the crazy
part
if I if I were to touch my hands to that
then it would go through my heart and it
would kill me so that is what we want
to avoid
so
that's why I would really prefer to put
this thing in a like a sealed clamped
box just because like I Don't Wanna Die
oh [__] okay all right so
all right so I think I got it
foreign
okay so it all makes sense now and then
I just want to drive it
so right now I just connected it at five
volts but I really want to connect it
to this guy
foreign
actually I'm gonna go look
at the other sensor box
foreign
I don't know what the sensors are
it says this thing says it has a
temperature sensor
tmpo1 temperature sensor
so with this configuration when we will
activate the relay we will get the high
voltage circuit cost and working here's
how I made the cable so I bought a plug
a socket and a cable like this then I
carefully cut the cable and cut one of
the wires like this and connected them
to the normally open connection pins of
the relay module also I connected the
end of the cable to the plug in the
socket like this and here's the final
appearance of my cable ready for use
however before you use your cable make
sure it's working properly you can check
it using multimeter or test it with a
low voltage first Okay now what's left
for this tutorial is to make a simple
code and test the really module how it
will work oh yeah
number seven for controlling the relay
so we'll Define it as an output and make
a program that will just activate and
deactivate the relay each three seconds
I will mention one second here that the
input of the module Works inversely so a
logical and the input will actually
activate the relay and vice versa here's
the demonstration of this example I
tested three devices on it first a 100
Watts light bulb then a desk lamp and a
fan heater all of these devices work on
220 volts
oh that's smart but that's what this
thing is actually
it just doesn't have the uh that thing
wait oh I'm done bro I did the same
thing okay so this is easy should I just
do it I feel like I should just do it
like
okay but I need to move all this [__] we
can control any high voltage devices
foreign
[Music]
maybe I'll just do uh
okay let's clean all this [__]
foreign
this relay I might use though
sensors okay
foreign
it'd be pretty I mean this is really
just to get up back and go and like
really it's time to start messing with
yeast
ornamentation
foreign
what's up
I think I got it
I'm making more balsamic Productions I
mean you know three percent so yeah
three percent two percent but it gets a
five maybe I'll be good
um where'd you go I called
I've been I've been I've been projecting
not gonna lie I'm doing some fat
projects
I think uh I'm not gonna charge
I think I almost died and I understand
Electronics now
balsamic vinegar for all the men
us
cycle
great this is so great
so anyways I know
I think I'm ready I don't have a
temperature sensor I mean I think I do
it I don't know what it looks like
so nearby
a temperature sensor but for now I think
I'm ready to do
the part that I will bring you because
uh basically I just wouldn't want to
relay a relay is like a switch like
flipping a switch except one of the the
side it turns off is high voltage so if
I wanted to like have a remote
for example a neutral relay or a digital
low voltage thing triggers
uh
well I voltage we have to actually turn
it on
so
I think I added my circuit
right I'm ready to plug in this thing
that heats up the problem is if the
relay exposure oh I'll use the other
relay the other relay is way safer okay
if I just use the other relay
put it that I got from the box then I'm
okay
and it's really hard for you to kill
yourself but for the one that my dad
gave me it's like kind of easy
I mean no because
if you were to accidentally touch both
terminals it wouldn't be like a
crossover
what
walls
you closing the turtles on the outside
and you put both fingers on both sides
do you know what I mean if you'll see
everything they want you to see all of
the lights
oh wait I forgot this thing
potentiometer oh no
and basically what I'm going to do is
I'm going to
take the balsamic vinegar heat cycle it
and basically I'll need to
it'll be hard because I'll need to
um
I'll need to be really careful about
well for one my current heating thing
hold on are you watching my stream you
know
go to my stream at mute me I'll show you
I'll show you
okay
foreign
I'll show you what this thing looks like
my computer probably explode if I went
on Discord and was on OBS streaming so
just like look at it might be delayed by
a bit though I wonder how delayed it is
but tell me when you got it
so this is the thing so I need Lagos
well let me know when you're there
can you see the thing
you see this
so this thing goes in the cup and I'll
heat the coffee all right
I mean what I might do is I might have
the
talks like that wait I can't make it I
can make it bigger too
did you see it
you're only like half this [__]
screen
is only half the screen and then
your picture is like an eighth of the
screen no no way I just changed it
I should be the whole thing now
it might it might take like 20 seconds
or so
maybe I'll just go on Discord like
I'm down to Discord
I think I don't think it's gonna work
um using it on safaris I'm like what
what is going on here let me try let me
go off
let me see you
but you don't see just a big picture of
me
oh God
was insane okay so you see me right
I know
all right well anyways the point is that
this thing I would need to submerge it
in a [__] ton either a really thin vial
but even still just a ton of balsamic
vinegar like way too much balsamic
vinegar and so I don't have that much
I'll use different vinegar Maybe
I'll use the different type of vinegar
to start out with because you can buy
that in bulk and it's not expensive
what yeah you can reduce whatever I mean
as long as it will reduce but it's kind
of a paradoxical
what
I'm not gonna be young
well the point is to test it on
something that's cheap before I do it on
the expensive thing
what I just hear slapping
oh
okay yeah let me use the other relay
okay this is gonna be so much better
Okay so
let me
where is everything
okay
so
let's get this [__] get this out of here
get this out of here okay
wow stuff gets cluttered so quickly
keeping a workspace like neat like a big
Workshop like crazy
okay
um
and then
here is the relay
okay here's the relay and I'm just going
to undo this
Ctrl Z
I really [__] this up okay
all right so this relay is out boo bad
relay sucks you know boo
and this this camera is actually way
better this other one
okay wait oh damn it okay so the greens
still need to go together and the
White's still need to go together
oh and I need to put those caps okay
yeah
it's supposed to tangle them up I think
foreign
I gotta get a
wire strippers
yeah
it's not funny I'm so funny I literally
gonna make myself
cry laughing
not
one night
Adventure
I say who's that
oh cool
tell him I said hi
from me of course
um
I was there
but when it affects the real world it
just feels so much more satisfying
oh man
and I didn't even I haven't even done
anything that's the like kind of
whatever part
like stuff
this is my waist
tools
tool for every little thing you ever
could have imagined
oh wait I should do this with the camera
people can see what a [__] dope
stripper I am
Drop it like it's hot Drop it Like It's
Hot
I'm such a good stripper
my stripper name is
on and
oops
okay and then I think what I do
oh actually I think they're these little
cotton things that I can pull the thing
like to cut it wait hold on
yeah
this might be the wrong oh no I think
we're gonna use these
you gotta be careful
be very careful I watched one video of
someone's smoking and I might have
higher freaking videos
is weed
oh
like like not like like
long earrings or
something
smooth dab
yody gang
chairman
Michael Jackson oh that's [__] nicked
it
damn it index The Wire yeah
oh I'm not a good maker
[Music]
okay yes
damn it
all right it's fine okay goggles buddy
I don't need safety goggles for this
what are you talking
some wires
all right okay I don't know how to do
this well
I think my dad might be
probably my mom
okay I think I think I got it without
making it
um
get on Twitch
make him wait
oh beautiful okay this is this will do
see this AI is going to make it so much
Dumber in so many ways like nobody's
gonna know how to do anything anymore
because we can just have everything done
for us it's gonna be crazy
well it's inevitable I mean it's kind of
exciting
okay fine this is [__] I should have
made it longer here's the thing about
this
what's my anxiety basis
uh gumballs and balloons
serious but the balloon
oh permanent
oh yeah
and character space like it's like it's
funny
nice
what's up
are you talking to me no but she didn't
she thought it was
okay cool all right so this is this is
it so there we go
nah
okay so I completely forgot
what I'm actually doing here
okay so these ones are actually
these ones okay this one I don't really
care so I'm actually the only half right
now
foreign
that's not long enough
all right it's looking good actually
all right check that out all right
copper wires cleaner than they were
before so now you just twist them around
into like a straight little laser
and actually
yeah okay I know what to do so now I
gotta put the things on
from this thing
so green to Green
twist them up and then I have these
little blue things
these blue things where you
just stick it in
and it twist it around I think
press them and they yeah catches on it
I mean I didn't do it real well but
we get the idea okay now the black ones
for the important ones because the black
ones
ah okay well
okay fine
all right it's it's good enough it's
good enough it'll work
it actually it's good it's good
so
all right
okay put the thingy in
catch on catch on
there we go there we go now it's on
okay so we did white or white green to
Green
now we need
okay how did he do this
there's three
is there wow
um
but I need to go back to that video
about the uh
relay
from the VCC to the input pin which is
low or ground and the LED will light up
and activate the relay when the input
pin will be high there will be the
module
okay yeah so what is
what are the three pins of the relay the
other one only had
oh I need a little screwdriver too
um the other one only had two
pins I'm not sure what
what that means
okay but he put it on the
there's like shapes there's like shapes
on this thing
what the hell is this
why is it in this nice balls
what
oh no this is just the the because I had
all these copper wires
um first or what do you where's the
thing you're making
where's your where's your circuit yeah
okay so here's the
um so okay so
uh well you know what stop commenting
how about that
donate if you just don't
really oh is it you oh okay oh
all right well
okay let me explain it though so I have
this computer here it's this little
computer and I'm gonna use this to
control the sensing and then the thing
that turns on the relay right remember
the relay flips on this shirt
look I just realized like I was like
what like someone told me the word
really like
it's literally the word relay it's like
so obvious think about it think about my
life think about my dad
the provider
well I didn't I mean my dad's electrical
engineer and I never really internalized
what a relay was my dad's my friend
though
okay so let's do this I'm just gonna
[__] risk it we're just gonna do the
same ones that this guy did
the the lag is crazy yeah I know
it's like 20 seconds okay I can do it
next time
okay wait I need the I need the I need
the I'll be back
I'll just bring you but I need the
um
foreign
[Music]
my dad's making his way
oh really
oh yeah
it would just be a huge L if you died
no no I'm not gonna die
it was like you probably wouldn't be
back in Boston by the 11th so
there's just no way
okay
so what's your question buddy my my
question okay it's going to take a a
second but base the audio is in at least
in time I have uh an Arduino controlling
um
a relay and I just don't know what pins
to use on the relay
um okay anyway I don't know how
uh
I can just look up the parts but I've
never really used this before
the
the one on the the video I'm watching
uses the ones in the middle
let me see the bottom of the relay
um
video wait well what I can well let's
just go on Discord
[Applause]
what Discord startup time is like eight
seconds that's crazy
okay all right
um oh it's using this camera okay
let me see
is that
yeah
zoom out a little because it's blurry
does it have a relay on a board
yeah so I have a
sort of a breadboard here and an Arduino
that's going to control it so I think it
makes sense that the the digital pins
make sense to me I just don't know what
is the third pin on a uh
oh so it's normally open and normally
closed
oh it's just which side I choose to
whether it's important yeah yeah and
then yeah so what you can do is you can
use a meter right now to see which ones
are open and closed and then you can
activate the relay and see which one do
you have a meter oh yeah I have a meter
all right let me do that
all right I I really haven't used a
multimeter all that much do I
you want to put on either resistance or
continuity okay yeah resistance all
right well this so the continuity one
will have a little picture of sound
waves coming out like if you see a
button yeah yeah it's this it's a ohm
slash sound waves
yeah okay so now there's a button
there's a yeah yeah okay yep and what
you do is you um you push one of the
function buttons on the top to make it
beep
okay
touch these together first
you hear that okay it's going off yep
all right
all right so
oh wait yeah it goes to short okay all
right cool all right and then these are
open and so
now one of them is going to be a common
so that's the thing you got to figure
out which one's the common
it's it's going to be the middle one I
think right the outer ones wait how do I
know
um sometimes you have to actually run
the relay to find out okay all right
well I think I okay I think it makes
sense if I do
the one where it makes sense that it
would be the middle one because it's on
a circuit board it's not that way on the
actual relay but on the circuit board
would be here's the one thing is if you
look at the relay
um the actual can you just show me the
bottom of the circuit board the but you
mean the back
yeah yeah
um
interesting okay uh
that relay
I don't recognize the Forefront of that
relay
um
the um
does one of the pins so this
um
I think I think if I just risk it with
the the ones where it doesn't beep right
now so the second and third ones I think
I'll be I'll be good because that'll
turn on when I turn on the relay
yeah so here's a question for you the
relay itself the three the three um
pins that go into the breadboard yeah is
there a diode anywhere there like a
surface mount diode you see something
that says D1 yeah yeah I do okay all
right so now that's important to know
like do you do those digital leads do
you know which ones are like what's what
yeah so it's got an S uh which is going
to be my digital output then a plus and
a minus so I imagine I'm just going to
connect then I know which way to put the
put it to ground
okay uh s is for switch is that what it
is I think s might be for signal
oh okay
okay can you read that I don't know if
you is there a transistor on that board
too uh would it q1 it would say yeah
there is
okay all right so you have q1 you must
have an r one too yeah exactly wow
that's cool that you can invert the
circuit that you know what must be there
because of uh certain properties of that
that's cool yeah okay so so yeah all
right so then that that's safe to plug
in you got to make sure you because if
you do it backwards you'll burn things
up yeah yeah and the thing you'll push
the thing you'll burn out will be your
Arduino not not the because that stuff
is so um yeah exactly um yeah so you'll
burn out the Arduino yeah I'll just
unplug everything right there
is it ready to go right now yeah I am I
am almost ready yeah I'm gonna plug it
in here
can you hear me I'm thinking you're
gonna make it turn on a lamp well so
that that's the I'm gonna make it heat
up some coffee
oh okay cool
okay
this is the rarest one oh not today oh
nice all right so what do you care about
more what's Alan's talking about or what
I'm talking about I care about them both
on the same
that's not true that's not true you're
lying fine you care the same about this
little figurine yeah
you're both excited about it okay
sweet dad
all right I think okay
I uh I need like alligator clips or
something hold on a monkey oh I'll be
back in a second I gotta go try to find
some alligators or something bring it to
work
no it's just I can't fit this into my
breadboard without it like it just the
pins just don't go in
oh one because it they're the wrong oh
yeah
what I can do I can just bend these a
little bit I can just bend them because
it was the wrong pitch it's not that
they're the wrong diameter they're the
wrong distance apart yeah
no it's just that this thing is so
clunky that the depth of this doesn't
actually go in the holes really
oh oh okay so uh
yeah so just give me a moment
sure
I'm gonna turn the light on or no okay
well let's pick on camera anyway I mean
I know how big he is
and he walks away
do you like all my setup
toys yeah all the special code
yes you're very good before you were
born
oh yeah why is it saying anymore
yeah you might want to take it back
batteries out
okay
I didn't travel too well on the plane
he used to have a hard case because they
throw them into the plane
I haven't talked to her today though
okay
I did I did I got a couple of things I
had I got everything oh I work tomorrow
but I got everything I needed to get
done for today done
so that was good did you miss a lot
no because everybody took vacation
it was all right
good time to take it
yeah
[Music]
I have all of The Originals which goes
from the form to the pancakes okay these
are all special edition the two birthday
ones okay this one's a one a designer
collaboration circus home Christmas one
and then this one Melody
it's like each each one of these type of
like you know like the circus series or
the the animal series the outcome of the
Robbie he's the most rarest um
alligator clips yeah okay
you know the difference
Australia
well I have these nice little rubber
things oh they go all the way up yeah
you grab my computer over there it's in
the bucket
anyways
hmm
yeah it's kind of hard to get them on
those three pins without having them
short
maybe I should just get a soldering iron
and solder it that would be the easiest
thing to do yeah yeah
all right yeah I guess I'm just gonna
I'm gonna commit what to do is yeah
maybe run the relay with the battery why
you can't because you got to connect to
that that header
so I'm gonna get the this soldering yeah
you know and here's the thing you know
what rather than ruin those pins sold it
to the back of the board
oh really
okay yeah because those pins you might
be able to use those pins because that
is a is a connector that slides onto
those pins
so in the future you might be able to
use that for something else so um
oh actually hold on I might have those
okay yeah and now I now I realize what
you're saying yeah I didn't okay I
didn't think about having those
connectors yeah I'm sure there is a
connector
okay all right it probably is
all right
some batteries left
oh 20 is bad anything on the floor is
bad for your uh well it's not gonna die
right now
okay
oh okay
I think enjoy the moments you know oh
yeah
so now what's that that last one what is
that it's probably oh where's Robbie
Robbie doesn't show up because that's
how rare he is oh he's on the Box in
like a yes
what I'm trying to figure out what is he
I think he's the whole body
that's what I thought I thought it's for
Easter
everyone
every series comes with a Robbie oh
oh I see what you're saying
he's like the rare
type of figurine you can get oh
something like this uh yeah something
like that yeah see if this will work
where's my
did I put the sensor
unfortunately I already kind of better
oh that's okay
and now that will only slide on one way
like there's a little
slide on only one way okay yeah because
of the distance between the board and
the like in other words the connector
the holes in the connector are offset
but is that a is that a hard drive power
cable is that what that is I I don't
think so no it's not a SATA cable it's
no
I think it's just wire it just connects
it
they're like yeah okay this is this is
exactly what I wanted
okay so black is signal
all right so I'm going to connect that
to my actual board here
digital pen yeah
okay then
the plus is gonna go to uh my
[Music]
Plus on my breadboard
oh these are getting cramped in there
I'm gonna do this okay we'll see
I might I might have to break the
plastic casing off of the thing
okay so Plus
oh
it's a trick you can do just for testing
you can take the the next the next um
breadboard wire you can plug it into the
back of the connector
oh yeah you're right
one you can plug it into the back of the
connector where the wires come out
because you know it's only a signal you
know what I mean it's not
not a lot of current
yeah
okay wait I need a
this is the PIN for signal
this is this needs to be plus
okay I need a
connector do you have another breadboard
jumper yeah
oh
this needs to be here
foreign
is ground
this is pin 13.
how many the relay contacts because you
want to make sure it's heavy enough to
deal with the coffee maker yeah so this
I have this immersion heater thing
it's ready for uh
120 volts 300 watts and then the the
relay is rated for 10 amps at 125.
okay so yeah 300 watts is roughly uh
roughly about three amps a little less
than three amps now you gotta make you
want to make sure that the immersion
heater isn't going to fall out of the
car is it going to be yeah it has this
little hook I'm going to tape it to the
the cup for right now I'm not actually
going to heat the coffee I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna have a dummy cup of water
uh because I still need to get a uh
uh
temperature sensor
yeah because those um those immersion
heaters they uh they're known to cause
fires
yeah yeah yeah yeah well I'm not gonna
have this thing on when I'm not around
oh okay okay oh you're using it to just
regulate the temperature of the coffee
I'm just yeah I'm just learning really
yeah okay
okay so this is my five volts to plug
this in okay so there's only one in
every 12 boxes oh okay
it's a one in one 144 chance
foreign
[Music]
it's just working cool
good all right nice so I have this oh oh
it's got a light too okay
oh that's the diode yeah that's cool
oh wait I I must have shorted it
somewhere
okay so I have a blank script just
running
okay so now what you can do is you can
take your meter and you can figure out
what the common is because nothing will
be it won't be between the um wait say
that again what do you mean
you can find out which one is the common
on the output
so in other words put the meter across
them so you know which ones are the
normally closed one
right you know which two pins were on
when it was oh yeah you're saying get my
meter out yeah okay
okay yeah I get the meter out and now
you can see which two and I'm thinking
the middle is probably the normally is
probably the common we'll call it
[Music]
all right so it's beeping when the
lights off I'm doing pins one and two
okay so now do pins um two and three
okay
all right so now it's one and three then
okay yeah so it's
yeah so so the one and three is the con
is
is no matter what the status of the
relay is it's always the same
oh okay so two and three would be the
yeah so I want two and three yeah
exactly yeah so you're gonna use two
right normally closed yeah exactly okay
yeah so uh all right so let me unplug my
power just while I'm doing this I mean
it actually doesn't really matter but
okay and I have
um
so I have this uh
outlet and then it's just uh
I uh I put green and green together and
then white and white together and then
I'm gonna put black in the uh
and then yeah that's right
and that just says yeah there you go
yeah and then I don't think it matters
which way I put it in as long as I do it
in the right pins
right it doesn't matter
um classically you would have the line
the cord that plugs into the wall would
go into the common
which would be one and then one or two
because I want to do the normally closed
all right so it was two and three that
would normally no you want normally open
you mean in other words when the lights
yes normally open right exactly yeah
yeah yeah okay so and and two was common
right uh yeah
yeah so you put the line it's just
tradition to put the line the line chord
one the one that plugs into the wall
into the common which would be pinned
two and then you put the other one into
pin three and the reason you do that is
in case you want to switch it
to be the other way around it's it's you
know I guess it really doesn't matter it
doesn't but okay so let me just do you
have a wires real Twisted tight so
there's no frayed little ends so I think
I need to shave some off
um because they're kind of long and the
let the yeah the relay when I plug it in
it only goes in about like two
millimeters right yeah so there's still
all of that copper exposed so let me
just cut that right now
thanks
okay that should be better
this guy
okay I just need to get my
okay that's good
now you could plug a lamp into that that
might be the best
yeah you're right actually I should put
the lamp into this
that's way safer than the
I don't know why I didn't think of that
yes that's a very I guess a good idea
yeah yeah that way uh because the heater
takes a few minutes to heat up too right
yeah it heated on my cup of water pretty
damn quickly yeah 300 watts and a couple
Waters a lot
you know oh yeah actually I mean I
wanted to do the uh the physics of
figuring out what the volume of the So
based on the sensor data
um of how quickly it uh heats up if I
can determine the the volume of the cup
that I'm heating up assuming it's water
yeah you probably could you'd have to
really know what the wattage is so you'd
have to kind of know the line voltage
and the current at the same time is
since since the um
since the there is the the resistance
heater is a resistor
chances are it's not going to change its
resistance too much with temperature so
you can all you really need to know is
the line voltage because the current
will be you can derive the current like
if you're trying to synthesize a sensor
which is what you're trying to do you're
trying to make a synthesized sensor
right so yeah well I'm assuming I have
an actual temperature sensor
right no what I mean is dude your but
your sensor is actually sensing volume
so you're making a synthesized sensor
because yeah right you're using
you know you're sensing volume by using
by detecting temperature to a
temperature change but you shouldn't be
able to do that that makes sense
um
you know the one thing that that
technically limits that is the purity of
the water Yeah we actually have a like a
versus osmosis thing so I just measured
the pH earlier and it's pretty close to
uh seven
seven yeah so
I don't know if that'll okay yeah I'm
ready to plug this thing in
okay so I should be able to just plug it
in
um is this the part where the lights go
out and yeah I don't know it shouldn't
I know I'm just joking with you all
right so milky is on a big laugh s
oh
foreign
here on Friday it's a cat cafe because
some lady though this Kitty called me
today
she it's a cat cafe which means you get
drinks and you pet cats
or you can adopt them but
um
well all keys are cute I think all
children are cute oh babies are cute
whatever
ugly it's it's the way this this is a
baby that's as cute as me yeah like you
know what I mean I was a really cute
baby that's how cute this cat is yeah
you can
I said wow I think I'm convinced to get
like a one to two year old cat yeah
probably
um when their personality I mean that's
that's what that's what keeps their
parents from eating them
what they're cute
thanks
all babies are cute you want to know
something funny like the the reason
that's true I think
yeah
mousetrap killed a squirrel okay and it
had squirrel babies do you remember that
oh you had squirrel babies and the
squirrel babies were falling all over
mouse trap because they oh because they
kind of as their new mother but mouse
trap was a male so he
there you go
nice excellent
success
I would take the relay up with
elliptical tape because you don't want
it to short out against any it's got
exposed wires on your bottom side look
well yeah yeah so keep that up good
you're talking about the actually high
voltage part right
yeah exactly are you talking about that
yeah because on the back side of the
board
that's got like on the on the like you
know that that screw connector that you
just tighten down yeah on the back side
of the board that protrudes with little
solder oh yeah you're right you're right
you're right you're right yeah that's
pretty bad okay let me take this thing
out of here
here let me unplug it actually yeah you
want to unplug that but yeah yeah
okay cool
yeah but you've got it going that's good
let me get yeah thanks thanks a lot
actually yeah that was oh yeah I I feel
I feel less uh because I was worried
about the high voltage stuff and I just
wanted to have someone double check
before I uh did anything crazy yeah yeah
well you know you can like you know
that's the stuff that does that does
start fires so you got to be real
careful right yeah you know but uh yeah
oh
um
I gotta get up at seven tomorrow
are you gonna say yeah I thought you
were gonna wait for a look at caps oh
okay
look at this one
[Music]
well here's the other thing is you want
to take a good picture of a cat and have
them all with lovey-dovey what you do is
you give them some catnip which is like
pot for a cat yeah I know just want to
say lovey-dovey she doesn't want that
lovey-dovey okay
just
I meant like her coat
oh
all right so I have the electrical tape
how should I wrap this
well
I would just wrap it around like wrap
stop wrapping at the relay and then wrap
it all the way up around the like no I'd
wrap it the other way perpendicular to
that okay yeah like that and then wrap
it around the relay and then continue
wrapping it around the wires and then
you should be good but now that you
tighten those
so so if you didn't tighten those screws
tight enough
like can you pull the wires out of those
screws because if you can't yeah I've
really got this in there good okay bro
that's good all right
okay yeah so just wrap that up with like
two layers of tape
so that I can't get through
oh but uh
I would treat so what I would do is I
think of it this way I would treat the
two wires coming out in the relay like a
tube you know what I mean like a like a
like a you're going to be wrapping
tape around a paper towel tube kind of a
thing so you're going to wrap it around
um you got to get this one look what
they're doing to them oh yeah there you
go doing
yeah they put them in clothes God even
close jeans yeah
those back legs are
relaxed hairless she needs his bladder
expressed three times a day
this thing stopped clicking
[Music]
yeah I noticed that
hmm
nice sounding lady
you know what I mean
oh
it sure is
maybe you don't have enough current on
your um
do you have the plus and minus still
connected to the relay
maybe you don't yeah it's possible hold
on to me
okay yeah I lost the connection
plug I gotta tighten these things or
something
oh it's possibly shorted
to what
whoa yeah across the relay
yeah that wouldn't be that really
wouldn't be a problem that would just
turned the light on yeah
but the um
but um
but if there's too much current or too
much voltage
then the relay will Weld and now when I
say too much voltage one of the things
that can happen is um you can get an
inductive like
um Kickback from like if there's an
inductor in that fluorescent lamp
um which there is there is actually what
will happen is it when when you so the
way the way inductors work which is like
a coil of wire um
so it's current that produces the
magnetic field
and just like most things in nature
there's a momentum to that so when you
um
when the current so when you when you
establish a current inside the coil
the the current creates a magnetic field
now nature wants to keep that magnetic
field so when you remove the current
what happens is the voltage shoots up
trying to maintain the the um the
current
and that and that can what it can do is
it can heat up the contacts that that
Arc
the next time the contacts close they
weld wow
you know okay so I think it was actually
on the other side that is the problem
it's clicking again okay
it's clicking again okay so we've done
well then okay
uh I'm thinking I'm thinking that you
lost your plus wire on the um on The
depositive Wire came out
on the breadboard or on the arena on the
relay yeah like in other words the the
plus wire that's powering I mean I think
if you remove the plus wire the light
will still blink
does it no wait hold on
I think we go to bed buddy I do have to
go to bed oh I'm so oh yeah sorry hey
wait I don't want to keep you up
yeah so when you remove the plus wire
the positive wire on the relay does it
does the light still blink I think it's
actually just that this contact in the
triple thing is bad
all right I'll have to yeah you're
probably right
all right if I remove the plus wire it's
still blinks yeah of course yeah yeah
okay yeah the reason why is because that
light isn't that light is not actually
indicating that the relay is closing
opening and closing that that light is
indicating that the signal is present
and not oh right okay
so yeah you lost your plus wire
okay yeah I did
dang I don't know how I'm gonna well let
me just touch it to it and see
wait
this
um
oh this is ground I I'm dumb I use
ground for
for
okay yeah okay you're right I'm gonna
touch it to the middle of the thing
that'll be much better
okay
pretty much have a power down but you
might want to plug it in so that means
oh
11 oh okay
okay CSR flashing now I'm just gonna
touch the signal pin
oh
I got this
Raw
okay
oh wait yeah okay
thank you
I'm so dead
what
was that helpful yes
is that your friend yeah
this thing is pretty fast too
okay
look at this cat anymore
[Music]
okay what I'm gonna do instead of this
electrical tape thing because it's such
a mess I'm gonna make get a little box
for it or something
make a box fort
or something
okay so what's next
the temperature stuff but I don't know
what is a temperature sensor apparently
I have a temperature sensor but I don't
know
laughs
mom
come check this out
wait I'm gonna go off there
check this out mom
let me get over there
pretty cool right
how is it different from just using a
switch it is a switch
but it's a program I need a switch
foreign
this light turns on and off because I
say so on my computer ah I see now oh
cool
was that the reaction you wanted though
so this has to be cleaned up enough
boom boom yeah I saw it I was there
I'm showing all my fans on Twitch
uh
I don't think anyone's watching no one's
watching the music stream
well they're lost
Okay cool so now we need to heat coffee
and we need to know
how much to heat the coffee
oh yeah there's no way I trust this with
the freaking
um
the balsamic vinegar is a good one the
thing is I I would need to buy a Digi I
can't I can't rely on the OCR like you
see me no wait hold on
I just like when your horse
okay and see
water
okay
[Music]
um is that a good joke what a good joke
guys
I'm being serious was that a good joke
yeah
thank you Durant mm-hmm
you laughing
and I am laughing
okay
cool
um cool
either go on Discord on your computer so
you could see something general
oh what do I need to do now oh man
okay
what
[Music]
was nice
that's fine I hate it no I don't but
that's not anything no
this one does have a little penis on the
inside
but you just can't see which I think is
so funny because you you can't see it
well it's like from the bottom like
see
you see it yeah
[Laughter]
[Music]
oh you know it'd be funny it would be
funny to hook up the relay to my amp and
have it like cut out and on every
literally just with listening to you
play guitar on Discord is for me
what
that's just what listening to you play
guitar is for me because you need to
there's a noise suppression setting I
think you need the algorithmic noise
suppression and then you need to turn it
off
[Music]
one two three four one two three
foreign
[Music]
let me try now
trailer
foreign
[Music]
so wait wait we need to
okay wait keep playing I'm trying to
figure it out
uh I need a few I need to find my blink
code okay blink
um so the delay is a thousand
milliseconds right now
[Music]
nothing literally nothing's helping
but if I have whatever beats per minute
I want 90 beats per minute 90 BPM
divided by
60.
or no 60 divided by 90.
wait play it play it now
[Music]
right let me stop being an idiot there's
uh
uh 90 B
per minute times 60 Minute
uh times one minute per 60 seconds so
nine of it is 1.5 so it needs to be 1
over 1.5 seconds is that right
so it needs to be
1 over 1.5
is that right
I don't know if that's right
you see
me yeah
okay all right let's do it
666.
yeah it should be it should be
yeah okay
okay so it should be fast enough
[Music]
wait wait we gotta turn the lamp on oh
man I need it I need my sir I need a bit
I need a bigger surge strip hold on
foreign
the Christmas tree that would be cool
right
uh
I I do want to do that though but for
right now I'm gonna use mine
um
no listen to me okay
I thought I um
scheduled My Cat Cafe for Thursday uh
Friday with Willa but I actually
scheduled it for the 13th on Friday at
10 A.M so instead you're gonna come with
me and then I'll just drive you to work
after okay it's 50 minutes at 10 A.M on
Friday
what date
the 13th okay all right whatever
not whatever very important I mean
whatever's and yeah that should be fine
I already paid twelve dollars for my
appointment so yeah that's important
okay
are we ready
no
foreign
[Music]
come on
thank you
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
all right we got to do it with the uh we
gotta do it with the Christmas tree that
would be I don't know if I'm allowed to
do that though I think maybe maybe I'll
ask my dad
Walker
[Music]
foreign
okay so I got the relay working and I'm
controlling a lamp with it uh and I'm
just power I'm cycling it I'm doing the
thing that you told me as a kid to never
do to because I'm gonna break this light
yeah
no it's a uh in Canada it's a
fluorescent
okay well you'll show me where an LED
bulb is but I want to do it are all of
it is the Christmas tree
um
what type of lights are the Christmas
tree I wanna
I just want to take a little video I
just want to do it for a little bit
all right cool
all right
hey it's cute why is my light turned it
off
what's up what's wrong with my wife
my lights off my lights keeps going off
and on hey this thing's not working as
it's intended hey
what's up with that it's like airplane
food all right guys you're so you're so
loud right now
I'm in the zone
together
okay
nah something didn't work
oh
let's go
I gotta take a hype video
[Music]
okay get me in it okay I'll get you in
it and then I'll get you in it
yeah there's gonna be no without me in
it
we out here projecting
me
are we
it's actually kind of messing up okay
I don't know what's going on
whoa
like this
look crazy
wait hold on one side
hmm
[Music]
all right all right that's enough of
that
enough of what the uh
the length
oh
all right
oh you're wearing socks
are you taking your video
huh I sent it to Julius and Michael
so what about what about me
well you're right here you
what if I wanted to watch the video
later and remember this moment
you know I love to do that
[Music]
foreign
well I gotta see this song
I made a dope song I need to unplug the
relay though
what is this giving
what are we think about this
now we are no longer In Harm's Way
what's what's this giving buddy
I can't see you yet
oh nice
this is giving should I buy it
uh no
I might buy it anyway okay
all right I'm turning off the relay I'm
unplugging everything
okay now it's no longer clicking and I
can do this
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
again
yeah I know you mean
[Music]
now go back to the other one I play it
again I liked it
[Music]
thank you
Italian foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
that's my favorite part
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
it's a foot thing
[__] foot thingy what is this thing
what is this hey what is this
what is this thing oh that you know what
that's from that's from uh that's from
Eric Andre he said what is this thing
what is it
it's a it's a clamp of some sort yeah it
looks like a clamp that's
[Music]
foreign
get some yeast I'm gonna start messing
around with the yeast
[Music]
oh what yeah
um I'm not even kidding though
I'm gonna make the best part I'm gonna
make the best bread ever
Michael really likes making bread so do
you want to be his friend he's probably
gonna make it really lame
you want to be his friend or not
I don't know
[Music]
foreign
Woodhead but I won't bring you there
anyway maybe you would like it it's just
a lot of stuff like four of the floors
it can't be worse than that place in uh
Bushwick
what place the freaking the place with
all the stuff
that market that place with all the
stuff oh yeah it's not worth it the
campfire and everything
you didn't like that
no it was cool
it was impossible to buy anything from
that place but yeah I think so
[Music]
come on
thank you foreign
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
no
[Applause]
[Music]
can I get a pick
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
thank you foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
laughs
foreign
[Music]
to everything including this stuff
foreign
[Music]
thank you foreign
all right it's good I gotta do these
documents
[Music]
guys what do we think about this album
cover I'm kind of digging it
[Music]
I like it I like it as it is like right
like this
[Music]
I had some other stuff though oh [__]
damn it
[Music]
foreign
this is the one
[Music]
thank you
wait I need to do the crop though
[Music]
do I get a crop
thank you
[Music]
foreign
all right
[Music]
foreign
[Laughter]
[Music]
hahaha
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
FedEx
all right so ready for bed
all right I'm almost ready to upload the
2023 album oh yeah but it's only been
three days well no but I I I just edit
it I make it at the beginning of the
year and I just add songs to it oh man
[Music]
I'm sending you a really really
important video
all right
I'm ready to call this
I wonder
oh I also have the album cover that I
need to crop
it's a picture of the sky
me in the clouds yeah
I'm just gonna let you rest so me here
you gonna watch the video I sent you
um yes I think you'll love it wait hold
on is that right
okay wait hold on let's
I'm going to copy this
[Music]
oh geez that's horrible
all right we're just gonna use Julia for
this
okay uh
what is it called
OCR
I have a question
test
okay um
it's kind of lame that this is the only
way I know how to crop a [__] image
[Music]
ah
okay there we go
okay
um
bro what the [__] are we talking about
wait should I say it is a jpeg
yeah
exactly why wouldn't I okay
no I actually was
asking
what's up
I wanted to see it working
actually
I'm sure that you are being safe about
it well I know yeah so I actually didn't
use this one because this one was
dangerous I used
um this one
because it's uh harder to touch these
things
I need to put in a box for the bottom
though yeah that's still dangerous I
know it's easy to touch the bottom of
that I know yeah that's crazy dangerous
okay well I didn't die and it's not
plugged in right now so yeah that's what
all my
that's what all of my students think I
didn't hurt myself well what should I do
just tell me that
well you should put electrical tape on
everything so you can't touch anything
by accident
well yeah so I got the electrical tape
but I feel like I don't cover the whole
thing
so you can't touch anything
except all my students do they're like
myself
right that should be good
as long as you can't touch any of the
110 side of it
yeah
okay
is any of this stuff 110 this stuff this
is all to the Arduino
I'll put more on it
the whole thing well I don't want to
cover this part this part is just a
resistor and a diode this just this is
just the light that tells you if it's on
there again it tells you that it's on or
if it has signal all right you want to
see it yeah
okay
uh yeah
what light are you using okay and this
lamp down here okay so you can hear it
turning on and off
okay but this thing doesn't actually
have power yet so now I'm putting giving
a power
okay
and this
thing down here
I had to cut some of the
take the wire
because it was all knotted yeah I get it
turn it off before you burn out
all right good job
all right but uh apparently this thing
is important thing is you didn't kill
yourself
yeah exactly well so yeah so this thing
is apparently very flim
so I try to heat it up a glass of water
pretty quickly yes it heats up very
quickly it has to be immersed in I read
it all the time yeah I know
but I mean
uh
the OCR so I did this thing wait I need
to hold on hold on
so the OCR to do this is just too
unreliable to trust so I I do need a
digital pH this kind of sucks
I don't know if I'm gonna buy it though
uh what what did you what were you
looking at should be cheaper than 150
dollars
look for an i squared C pH meter it
would be the best thing honestly a lot
of them they come bundled with software
but I don't want the software I'd rather
just yeah
for an i squared cph meter right
well what i2c
I mean okay
pH meter
oh nice yeah
actually yes then there's probably just
oh I also need the uh I see here
somewhere in here there's a if you still
have all the parts it's a thermometer
yes
so I don't know well there's a
thermistor and there's a thermometer
thermocouple
thermometer
oh temperature sensor sorry
I think some of them are meant to be in
RC squared C with the thermistor
okay
um
oh
maybe I'll just buy this
oh yeah
okay
but this thing this thing
I guess they're all like that
I could put I I don't think I have to
put it in that relay
all right well they have like I don't
know
1 000 Cycles or something
it's going once a second okay yeah three
hours all right
uh I I don't know that I have to keep it
in such a small thing because my whole
point is I wanna
get the perfect balsamic vinegar right
well I mean it's just a good video idea
you know what I mean that's something
that would go viral
making the best I mean all you have to
do is you have to know what the pH is
and just I don't know if that's the
perfect proxy for but that's the first
variable I want to control it's going to
keep evaporating it until you taste it
and taste it and taste it and then your
taste will be different than my taste
the problem the problem is
why the wine you like
I bet this thing has a let's see
temperature
I don't know this probably okay I can go
to 50c and
it's so the thing is I'll need some
stupid little arm to to I need a I need
an autoclave
okay I need something that's put to heat
cycle the
in order to avoid breaking those pH
sensor
oh
okay I don't know how
that's too that's too slow that won't
fans work really fast
all right so then I just put that on the
relay that's pretty easy now
oh see the you know I I was thinking I'm
literally
you think that'll be but you still need
to drive it off of that relay because
current
the Arduino has eliminated
well I realized it's so stupid I was
like there's all of these electrical
terms like relay
that I never sat and spent two seconds
thinking about their it's a relay it's
like a handoff it's so obvious with how
they came up with the name
okay well anyways uh
good job so a fan you have a fan yes
yes I kind of want to do it tonight
all right a fan and
um
I guess I can't get the pH sensor though
I can do it with coffee
and temperature or water and temperature
okay all right
the temperature sensor probably goes up
to Boiling right that you have on your
sensor you find it yeah is it in there
which one is
that sensor but the thing is you have to
take
to take the
telemaster
I don't know if this temperature sensor
here is a thermocouple or a thermistor
see look at the
number
92.
and the only reason to go viral is to
make money to buy new tools
you don't have a 3D printer like how can
you even call yourself a
texture I have access to it
if you don't have 3D printer
yeah
I'll give you a 3D printer I see they
don't even know now it's just a chip
then you have to hook it up to a
it's one of the Analog Devices
up to a circuit and then a thermocouple
so wait so what does the chip do
the chip thermocouple voltages are
really
small so that it amplifies them
so wouldn't that shouldn't that just be
on the sensor like these ones
these ones
it seems like they have everything on
the board yes and these do too
see these icy things here have their
eyes crazy but this also has the sensor
that's what I'm saying these are kind of
like split and this is like all in one
right okay yeah
all right makes sense
so wait so what do I do
I wanna how I want to heat I heat it up
and then cool it down and try to control
the volume and decrease
have to use a fan
no I'm saying the temperature heat the
heating part is the problem right now
the heating part I don't know if I can
find my here
no no I can use the this death mobile
but like I'm fine with this thing
the problem is you have to keep it
immersed in a huge amount
I forgot I will do it right now
but wait so right now please well not
right now I'm almost I just need to know
what I need to do next there's not how
to do it right now this is not urgent
nobody all right if I care nobody cares
about ball stuff like me uh okay yeah
sure
at least one person cares about your
taxes
did I sample anything no I sampled me
wait pricing
zero let fans pay one
boom
[Music]
wait saved draft
no publish
20 23 is published
[Music]
all right listen to the song
go to my uh band camp
definitely did not do that expense
report
ah
wow
all right
2023 coming in in style
[Music]
all right that's a wrap
I want to write some software though I
didn't really get to do anything cool
coding wise all the coding was [__]
easy
nothing hard there I mean I use this I I
do this bounding box thing to try to try
to find the outline of the sensor so
that I could crop it so that I could do
the OCR but it's just like so like
Tesseract is like literally so
unreliable terrible defaults it's like
using git
foreign
so
all right
uh what's what's next what do I have to
do
I didn't get an email
are you Liz vicious
but that has nothing to do with your
name
oh
okay
did you leave
no I'm good
oh I see
that's pretty good
yeah
laughs
the more subtle
yeah
perfect them and
okay
should post it right
riots around
hey guys I'm back
foreign
thank you
that's so funny
foreign
[Music]
it's a sacred moment
to listen
welcome to the good life better than the
life I live when I thought that was
gonna go crazy
but my Grandmama was the only girl
calling me baby
watch the video I sent you it's really
really good I didn't
watch that now
I can't watch videos you sent me it just
doesn't work
well you should have said that 20
minutes ago
really good
on email
okay so it's time to do phase two it's
time to get things hot
it's gonna get hot in here
wait my mom said there's a disgusting
smell outside
I'm sorry what did you say
oh yeah okay